feat: Add metric gateway hardened configuration (#469)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/04-metrics.md

## Limitations

The metric gateway setup is based on the following assumptions:

- Cloud Logging Service as Backend
- The collector has no autoscaling options and has a limited resource setup of 1 CPU and 1.2 GiB memory.

> - Batching is enabled, and a batch contains up to 1024 metrics/batch.

Reviewer: That are no assumptions on input the customer has control on, so I would not mention that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Throughput

The metric gateway maximum throughput is 34K metric data points/sec ~= 122.000.000 metric data points/hour. If more data must be ingested, it can be refused.

The metric agent maximum throughput is 14K metric data points/sec ~= 50.000.000 metric data points/hour. If more data must be ingested, it can be refused. If a metric data endpoint emits more than 50.000 metric data points per scrape loop, all the data is refused by the agent.

> > **NOTE:** By default metric gateway delivered with two instances to ensure load balancing work properly with gRPC, the metric source should be part of istio mesh and metric source should be configured with annotation `"traffic.sidecar.istio.io/includeOutboundPorts": "4317"`    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** By default, metric gateway is delivered with two instances to ensure load balancing works properly with gRPC. The metric source should be part of the Istio service mesh and metric source should be configured with the annotation `"traffic.sidecar.istio.io/includeOutboundPorts": "4317"`    
```

What does "should" mean - is this a recommendation? Is it optional? If it's not optional, use "must".
